Welcome to the Trezor FreeClaiming Guide

To claim using a Trezor you will need Electrum. Electrum is needed to sign messages.
Remember: you will not be exporting/exposing your privat keys. They will stay on your Trezor and there is no chance to get compromised.
You can download Electrum here: https://electrum.org/#download

Once downloaded, start Electrum. You will be greeted with the following screen:

IMG: Electrum1

On the next screen, choose Standard Wallet and press next.

IMG: Electrum2

Make sure your Trezor is connected to your PC. Your Trezor needs to be unlocked.
Then choose the bottom option: Use a hardware device and press next.

IMG: Electrum3

After a few seconds Electrum should detect your Trezor.On my screenshot its detects a Ledger, because I don't have a Trezor. Press next.

IMG: Electrum4

Now we have to choose the type of addresses in your wallet.
If your addresses start with a "1" -> choose legacy (p2pkh)
If your addresses start with a "3" -> choose p2sh-segit (p2wpkh-p2sh)
If your addresses start with "bc1" -> choose native segwit (p2wpkh)

Don't change anything in the derivation path. Click next.

IMG: Electrum5

On the file encryption window, just press next.

IMG: Electrum6

After a few seconds you should get to the main Electrum window.
Go to the top and click on "View" -> click on "Show Addresses".

IMG: Electrum7

This should give you a new tab next to "Receive" called "Addresses". Click on that.
Now you should see all of the Bitcoin Addresses your Trezor uses. You can see the balances of each address and the number of transactions (Tx) on the right side

IMG Electrum8

We have to claim each address with a balance 1-by-1.
Choose the top address with a balance and rightclick it (doublefingerclick on MacOS) and choose "Copy Address"

IMG Electrum9

Now go to the HEX Website using this link (You will get 10% more HEX using our link):
https://go.hex.win/?r=0xUnsereAddresse

Make sure to log into MetaMask and allow MetaMask to connect to the Website.

Then click on the "Claim" tab in the top.
Paste your address into the field and press on the "Claim This Address" button

IMG Go_HEX1

You will see a message that looks like this: Claim_HEX_to_YourETHAddress
Copy this message by clicking on the circled icon.

IMG Go_HEX2

Then go back to Electrum. Rightclick on your address and choose "Sign/verify message"

IMG Electrum10

Paste your copied message into the top field called "Message"
Make sure your Trezor is still connected and unlocked.
Then press on the "Sign" button in the bottom left.

IMG Electrum11

After a few seconds you can confirm the signing on your Trezor.
Go ahead and do that. Eventually you have to input your PIN on your PC, using your Trezor.

IMG Trezor1

Now you should see a signature in the "Signature" field.
Copy the complete signature.

IMG Electrum13

Go back to the website and paste your signature into the "Signature" field.

IMG Go_HEX3

Now you can choose the number of days you want to stake. For FreeClaims the minimum number of days is 350.
Maximum stake length is 5555 days. To get maximum bonuses you have to choose a stakelength of 3641 days or more.
Once you have chosen your stakelength click on the "Submit Claim" button.
Confirm the transaction in MetaMask and wait for it to confirm.
Congratulations, you have successfully FreeClaimed HEX.

If you have multiple addresses with a balance go back to step 8 and repeat the proccess for the other addresses.
If you have any further questions, or are stuck somewhere pm me on Telegram @Earlofcockwood





